# artconnect-emporium
ArtConnect Emporium, serves as a platform for artists and art enthusiasts to view, like and comment on artworks. The features include the ability to add art to the platform, allowing users to interact with and appreciate the diverse world of art. The application incorporates essential functionalities like user authentication, allowing users to sign up and log in securely.

The technologies employed in building ArtConnect Emporium include React.js, HTML5, CSS3, Electron, and JavaScript. Development of cross-platform desktop applications using web technologies achieved using electron framework. HTML5 and CSS3 are utilised for creating the application's structure and styling, while JavaScript provides the necessary interactivity and dynamic behaviour. Firebase, serving as the database, adeptly handled the diverse datasets generated by users.

Firebase, the chosen database, employs a Scrypt hashing algorithm for robust data encryption for secure login.

# Prerequisites:
Node.js need to be installed in system before proceeding.

# To run the application in visual studio:
1) Clone the project
2) Open the Artconnect emporium folder in visual studio then follow `How to connect steps`
3) Look for `package.json` file
4) Right click on `package.json`, select npm -> select `install missing packages`
5) Right click on `package.json`, select npm -> select `npm run script-dev`
6) Application will get launched happy exploring.


# To run the application from terminal:
1) Clone the project
2) Go into the folder path in command line using `cd "folder path of project"` then follow `How to connect steps`
3) Run `npm install`
4a) Run `npm run dev` to run the applicaiton locally.
4b) (OR) you can also run `npm run build` to build the windows application. Once the exe file is generated, open it to run the application.
5) Explore ArtConnect Emporium app


# How to connect
1) Create firebase account
2) Create project in firebase
3) Fill the credentials in to the `src/firebase/config.js` file
